Add ESLint and Prettier to ListenBrainz (#778)
metabrainz/listenbrainz-server: docs/dev/devel-env.rst

If you made any changes to the frontend, you can run the tests for frontend using

.. code-block:: bash

    ./frontend-test.sh

> ListenBrainz uses ESLint to lint the frontend codebase, you can run ESLint using,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ListenBrainz uses ESLint to lint the frontend codebase, please make sure you lint all new frontend code using,
```

.. code-block:: bash

    ./lint.sh

> You can also setup a pre-commit hook to do the above process before each commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also setup a pre-commit hook to do the above process automatically before each commit.
```
